welcome to the man of recaps this is the
original three seasons of its Arrested
Development Michael Bluth is the manager
of the family business the Bluth housing
company his dad George senior is
retiring and finally gonna name him
president he lives with his son George
Michael and the latest Bluth family
development well the one model home they
built so far his sister Lindsay Bluth
considers herself an activist but really
she's just a spoiled Newport Beach
socialite she married psychiatrist dr.
Tobias few K but unfortunately he's
recently lost his medical license over
at the Bluth frozen banana stand
George Michael meets their daughter his
cousin Maeby she tries to make her
parents mad by kissing her cousin which
starts a series long cousin crush for
George Michael Michael's brother Joe
Bluth is a magician he's planned a trick
for the party loser Michael hmm the
trick is something a [ __ ] does for
money and their younger brother Buster
is a real man baby he's a mama's boy
still lives at home with her there
mother Lucille is a mean old girl she
loves her furs and has a martini for
breakfast every morning and when George
senior retires he names his wife as the
new president not Michael turns out
that's for the best because the cops
show up George senior has definitely
been embezzling from the company for
years Jobe tries to hide his father in
the Aztec tomb unfortunately the news
crews reveal how the trick works which
gets him kicked out of the magician's
alliance Tobias missed the party he
followed these Pirates on to the wrong
boat and accidentally joined a gay
protest there he discovered something
new about himself not that he's very
obviously gay but that he wants to be an
actor Michael's ready to leave his
family behind but with their funds cut
off they have nowhere else to turn so
they all stay in the model home and
Michael agrees to keep his family
together Michael tries to get his father
out of prison but George doesn't want to
go between time I'm doing the time of my
life he asked his mother where the
evidence is but she's not talking so he
fakes a call that the IRS is
repossessing her furs so she sends her
housekeeper to hide them in the secret
storage unit which has already been
burned down it was definitely the work
of an arsonist which is what George
senior meant when he called his newly
released roommate a flamer
Michael's struggling to keep the company
afloat they need more money there's
money in the banana stand the cousins
are working the banana stand and all the
close proximity is just fueling George
Michaels cousin crush maybe is not very
good at accounting and when George
Michael realizes
he's been losing money he takes a page
out of his grandfather's book and tries
to burn it down
Michael supports this actually he thinks
we'll teach his father a lesson plus he
just had job mail the insurance check
but George seen here clarifies his
earlier statement the walls of the
banana stand were lined with cash
Tobias pursues his dream of becoming an
actor but he accentuates the fire aspect
of the fire sale Lindsay on the other
hand has a perfect delivery so she gets
the job instead unfortunately she
celebrates prematurely and misses it
Michael makes corn balls with his
father's invention the cornballer it's
no longer sold in the United States
because it causes horrible burns and
George Michael's auditioning for the
school play so he can have the kiss
scene with his cousin Maeby but she's
only going out for it so she can have a
kiss scene with Steve Holt
since being kicked out of the magician's
alliance job's magic career has been in
the dumps I don't know what I expected
he announces a grand illusion to break
out of the prison where his father's
being held the secret to this trick is
to swallow a key ahead of time but he's
poop shy he can't pass it in the open
here so he realizes what a huge mistake
he does get some quality time with his
dad though they play catch for the first
time ever and it goes about as poorly as
any game a catch can still he's moved
out of prison to the hospital so tada
job's girlfriend Marta is a Spanish soap
opera star while he's in prison he has
Michael escort her to the Spanish soap
opera Awards where they actually hit it
off Lucille and Buster are there as well
and we meet Lucille's best frenemies
Lucille austero known as Lucille 2 and
bustard not wearing his glasses
accidentally flirts with her now the
Bluth company lost its private jet but
they did get to keep the staircar watch
out for bridges and hot buns they
couldn't get some hot buns the Bluth
kids also fight over the use of their
dad's car which they treat very poorly
one day Michael tries to be nice and
give his mother's housekeeper a ride
home but turns out this is a random
woman that just kind of looks like her
and when she sees what looks like
bloodstains and a human skull from
Buster's archeological dig she thinks
she's gonna be murdered and runs off
into the wetlands Michael went there to
pick up his sister who's in the date
auction for the wetlands she went out to
prove that she's a real activist but
learned she hates the wetlands Buster is
supposed to bid on his mother like every
year but this time he's running late and
bids on the wrong Lucille he decides to
roll with it and these two are dating on
and off throughout the series George
seniors eventually starting to dislike
prison
Michael convinces his mother to come for
a conjugal visit but his father's got
Kitty in the next trailer that's his
longtime secretary and longtime mistress
they send job to go distract her but he
has a hard time finding her best side he
decides to escape but the guards grab
him and pin him against the trailer
where his parents are getting it on now
meet the family lawyer Barry zuckerkorn
Barry's very good he isn't he does
manage to get George senior out of
prison for one day the day of the living
classics pageant the family always takes
part in this year George Michael's gonna
play Adam Bowen maybe sees him in the
muscle suit and complements him he
decides never to take it off again
Tobias understands he also has something
he can never take off that's right
Tobias is a never-nude which is exactly
what it sounds like George Michael gets
cold feet about appearing nude himself
so he takes a page out of his uncle's
book there are dozens of us and George
senior makes his first of many escape
attempts none of which succeed Martha
comes by looking for job who is living
on the family yacht and definitely
cheating on her a scary gangster is also
looking for job and threatens to break
his legs it turns out it's a non scary
magician who's threatening to steal
job's legs from his saw the woman in
half act the legs in fact that job is
sleeping with Michael hatches a plan to
break up Marta and Jo by having her come
as a surprise assistant so she and the
legs will both realize job's cheating on
them so the night of job's big show
Michels plan fails because the legs
already quit luckily George Michael has
soft womanly legs so they get him as a
last-minute replacement Tobias missed
this family event as well he went to the
wrong Gothic Castle now Lucille 2
suffers from vertigo and that's putting
a damper on her in Buster's relationship
he knows that marijuana can be good for
vertigo so he goes to see George Michael
at the banana stand which was always a
haven of pot smokers it had even
inspired a song George Michael of course
doesn't have any pot so he leaves a note
for his uncle Jobe who definitely does
but Michael wants to teach his son a
lesson that drugs are bad just like
their father used to teach them lessons
using his one-armed friend he would
stage elaborate scenarios to scare the
kids into learning their lesson
Michael asked his father for that guy's
contact info but George seniors recently
had a religious experience and doesn't
support that kind of deception so the
brothers decide to do it themselves when
George Michael comes some unusually hot
drug dealers show up and then some
unusually hot cops show up
there from the hot cops stripping agency
that job sometimes works for so it's a
moderately successful lesson teaching
but then some real drug dealers show up
and some real cops show up it turns into
a shootout and this one guy's arm gets
blown clean off yeah that's why you
don't teach your son's lessons last
lesson I swear no Michael's trying to
get his son into the prestigious Milford
Academy where children are neither to be
seen nor heard Buster was very good at
this one but they don't want him because
the Bluth family is getting so much bad
press
luckily Michaels just met a hot girl who
turns out to be a PR specialist and will
help the family first they give Tobias
money for a plane ticket back to Boston
so he can get his medical license back
but on the way he meets actor Carl
Weathers who conveniently charges for
acting lessons exactly the cost of that
ticket Tobias his acting doesn't improve
but he does learn some valuable life
lessons you take this home threw it in a
pot add some broth the potato did you
got a stew going Michael almost starts
dating the PR girl but his wife died
years ago from cancer and he still
doesn't feel comfortable dating with his
son so he lets her down easy but she
doesn't like being told no and puts a
bunch of bad press about the Blues out
there but when Lucille and Lindsay find
out they attack her and start another
Bluth restaurant fight Michael does
really like Marta though and she soon
realizes that she picked the wrong
brother
I made a huge mistake job starts to
suspect that she's cheating on him with
a man's name he overheard this guy's
name like hermano
so Michael starts investigating and does
think Marta's cheating on him which is
very uncool so he calls her out for
betraying job only to later realized
that hermano means brother I've made a
huge mistake he has no problem with her
cheating on chope with him but there are
other hermano Buster's outside too he
met her once that instantly fell in love
so on the day of their dad's hearing Jo
finds out Michael's stealing Marta and
they have a brother fight outside the
courthouse it won't be the last time and
unfortunately mark two realizes they are
children and fails on all of them one
day Tobias let slip that maybe may not
be their natural-born daughter
Lucille implies that she was a test-tube
baby and George Michael starts thinking
that she's maybe not his cousin but for
now George Michael has a new crush on
his hot teacher unfortunately at
parent-teacher night she and Michael hit
it off and they end up sleeping together
Michael does the responsible thing and
blames it on Jo my job is still mad at
Michael for the Marta thing so gets
revenge by setting him up on ugly double
dates but he mistakes Michaels general
human compassion for sexual interest so
Jo sleeps with her to get revenge and
Michael breaks the bad news he wasn't
interested in her he's sleeping with a
hot teacher at the school dance Michael
finally admits to his son that he's
dating his teacher and job realizes he
slept with the wrong one again but the
teachers not getting involved in this
and bails on all of them one day Buster
has a fight with his mom and moves out
only to find himself replaced by an
adopted Vietnamese boy Ahn young is your
brother now I know yes onion over the
series Buster Nanyang have some nice
sibling rivalry George senior has
embraced his newfound Judaism and is
profiting from it with a series of
self-help tapes caged wisdom he's
visited by a huge fan of his but turns
out she's undercover with the FBI to get
evidence on him unfortunately though all
she gets is some nipple tweaking now the
company is low on funds so they have to
delay pay or a week and that's how
Michael finds out his whole family has
been collecting paychecks so Michael
makes them work for their money and job
challenges Buster to a game of chicken
the chicken dance is hilarious but the
game itself is underwhelming eventually
the DA offers their father a plea deal
but it was way too long Barry didn't
read it
Michael fancies himself a bit of a
lawyer because he was in his school play
once
he goes to a lawyer bar to read it and
meets hot lawyer Maggie Lizer they hit
it off and have an incredible night
together but turns out she's blind
Michael missed all the subtle hints last
night I'm wasted job also met a girl
last night and after an escalating
series of dares they handed up getting
married but with all the excitement he
never actually consummated it had sex
last night
but he really didn't yes I did and turns
out the prosecutor in his dad's case is
Maggie Lizer
they sent Tobias to sneak into her house
and find out what evidence the DEA
action he has on him but this proves
more difficult than expected because
she's not actually blind she does end up
though temporarily blinded so and
Michael throws the book at her hope it
hits her she and Michael come clean and
decided they should probably stop dating
except this one last time now it's
spring break in Newport Beach the video
series girls with low self-esteem is
there and Kitty's excited to join in
this time with a new set of breast
implants she's happy to show off Michael
wants to fire her but his dad reminds
him she's privy to a lot of sensitive
information over the years last year on
a spring break special job declared he
would make his yacht disappear so this
year he has to make good on his promise
and he actually does it how'd he pull
that off well he sunk the yacht it was
part of his father's plan that's where a
lot of evidence was job's wife is
actually a huge fan of Tobias they had a
family folk band where they were pushing
pharmaceuticals they get the band back
together cuz it was fun times of course
it was only fun times because they were
on drugs
George Michael by the way is an
incredible wood block player but they
don't want him in the band job's wife
falls in love with Tobias and decides
the right thing for her to do is to
leave and join the army Lindsay's been
coming home with some new clothes lately
and she claims she's been shoplifting
rather than admit she got a job in a
shop this angers job who thinks that
he's the sleight-of-hand master in the
family but he's not that great either
now a big chunk of company money is
finally unfrozen and everyone wants a
piece of it including what looks like
George senior with hair it's his
identical twin brother Oscar Oscar is a
deadbeat hippie type but he does own a
great piece of land
Michael buys it with the unfrozen funds
only to find out it's worthless because
the army does ballistics testing there
but Michael's mother saves the day oscar
has always loved her and she convinces
him to sell the land back in exchange
for rekindling their romance now Newport
has to take your daughter to work day
and Michael always used to bring George
Michael as a joke but it got less funny
as he got older so he decides to take
his niece Maeby and they make an
agreement no lies all day unfortunately
the cops come turns out Kitty is missing
and Michael was the last person very
publicly seen with her the new girls
with low self-esteem video is out and
though job's magic show was a flop it
does show Kitty sneaking onto the yachts
to steal the evidence but that means
they might have blown her up luckily
Maeby's instincts till I kicks in and
she finds out the cops have kitty she
survived so they tell the truth and
they're off the hook now Kitty has the
evidence and wants to blackmail the
Bluth company Michaels like by the way
what is this evidence and turns out it's
just some missed taxes Michael like oh
I'll pay that off no problem but just
then Michael sees a news story about
American built houses in Iraq and that
reminds Michael of something his dad
once said there's a good chance
of committment Sun light so George
senior takes a polygraph but has a heart
attack during it and they get some bad
news from the doctor
we lost him what he should have said
though is that George escaped so
Michaels had it with his family he's
ready to take his son and start a new
life in Phoenix but they're gonna make
Joel president of the Bluth company and
Michael comes back he can't let that
happen with George senior on the loose
his identical twin Oscar is often
mistaken for him and with her husband
gone Lucille has rekindled her love
affair with his twin brother which is
awkward for Buster who turns out its
heavily implied is Oscars natural-born
son they said my father was here did
they
Tobias continues to be unknowingly very
obviously gay
Lindsay is unhappy in the relationship
and they agree to try an open marriage
within seconds she's met a hot realtor
who she thinks is hitting on her I have
an open thing going on too of course he
just meant an open house her quick
success though makes Tobias sad so he
joins what he thinks is a group for sad
men of course is the famous theater show
the Blue Man Group he doesn't get in of
course he just gets into paint every
night in case they need him as a backup
no I'm afraid I just blew myself the
family hires famed P I gene parmesan to
track down their father looks like he's
escaped to Mexico when Buster wants to
escape to Mexico to Lucille was recently
ambushed by a Michael Moore type and
signed Buster up for the army so Buster
hides in the trunk and gets out at what
he thinks is Mexico but is really just
his mom's housekeepers house in real
Mexico Michael's tackled by bounty
hunter ice that job hired to keep an eye
on him Michael reat asks him with
finding their father George Michael by
the way has a girlfriend now an her but
she is so bland and forgettable Michael
leaves her in Mexico they soon get word
from ice who is also a party planner
that George senior is dead the Mexican
police picked him up and he's famous
there because the cornballer is still
sold in Mexico where they redub the
commercial to hide the fact that it
causes horrible burns allegedly they
killed him in prison but really he
bribed his way out and came home hiding
in the back yard he found out that his
wife was having an affair with his twin
brother and came home to win her back
but only George Michael knows this so
they have a funeral where job performs
an illusion
which per usual goes poorly George
Michael tries to come clean to his
father
I have pop up in the Attic Michael
eventually realizes the truth and they
stage a fake escape and George senior
hides in the Attic for the season now
Jobe is still the Acting President and
he's been wearing some of his dad's old
suits to fit the part where's the good
happens I can expose spill some on my
$3,000 suits come on they have an office
Christmas party to raise morale where
Michael and Maeby do a karaoke duet of
afternoon delight this was before
anchorman so they don't realize it's
about sex Lindsay in her open marriage
is trying her best to get laid she meets
a hot casual movie star type who turns
out is homeless but turns out he's
actually a movie star pretending to be
homeless
now meet the Bluths biggest competitor
Stan Sitwell he has a condition where
his body is totally hairless so that's
all fake but he offers job a job with
Sitwell George senior suspects it's only
to get job on their team for the annual
softball game and indeed Sitwell wants
to play catch with him and since job's
real father only played catch with him
the once
Joby's overcome with fatherly emotion
and tries to win the game forum luckily
an is the brick wall Tobias has a big
audition coming up so he and maybe sneak
into the studio and talk up the few K
name around the water cooler
unfortunately he introduces himself as
Tobias so that's a waste maybe no lies
her way into getting a book report
written for her and when an exec sees it
you're the view kay everyone's talking
about what are you like 15 marry me
so she accidentally becomes a studio
executive now the Bluth stock is finally
unfrozen and they can sell off a little
to make money as long as they don't all
sell at once
Michael is sick of driving the stair car
so he thinks he deserves a modest new
ride unfortunately everyone also
immediately sold their stocks and
they've lost control of the company to
Lucille 2 Buster meanwhile is trying to
date younger women and Tobias offers to
be his wingman even if it means me
taking a chubby I will suck it up
Tobias spent his money to buy his dream
nightclub Lindsay wants that money back
though to join a country club so sends
the hot cops to pose as thugs and scare
him off fortunately he reaches these
ruffians with the power of dance they
decide to take their act to the streets
but have a much worse reception Lucille
2 agrees to sell majority control back
to the Blues but Jobe doesn't know this
yet Sojo Lucille 2 later Michael runs
into an old crush Sally Sitwell another
rivalry between their fathers always
made things weird for them Michael plans
to bid on her at the annual date auction
but when he gets her father's approval
turns out she only liked him because her
father didn't approve and she bails per
usual the company needs more money so
they go to their Uncle Jack who is an
old radio star the bullet he's very old
now has to be carried by dragon he
agrees to help the company if he can co
on a date with Lindsay remember he's not
their actual uncle Michael has a
romantic date package that came with the
option and he's too chicken to ask Sally
Sitwell so he convinces Lindsay to go
with Uncle Jack thinking she's going
with dragon for complicated reasons
Michael also goes with Tobias and
Lucille 2's going with Stan Sitwell
which makes the other Bluth brother's
jealous they bust in to reclaim their
woman and long story short it's
shenanigans it's been about eight months
since Michael last saw Maggie Lizer who
turns out is about eight months pregnant
he sends Tobias and Lindsay to
investigate and looks like she's faking
the pregnancy he tells her off but turns
out she's not faking he investigates
more and finds out the baby's not his
she's being a surrogate for a gay cop
couple but turns out she's not actually
pregnant she's working a case for a
client suing a restaurant that made her
fat and she's the pregnant one so it's
believable Michael and Maggie agree they
shouldn't see each other anymore except
for this one last time
now Buster has actually joined the army
and he's going to be shipped off soon
but first decides to face his biggest
fear the ocean now job's wife was a seal
seller and one day one of her seals got
a taste for flesh job released it into
the sea and so Buster finds that's funny
cuz it's his mom's name but he does lose
a hand and gets a hook
job's wife is finally divorcing him and
he can save his money and get the
marriage annulled if he admits he's
never consummated it which he's finally
willing to do but when he meets with her
she seduces him and how there's proof
the marriage was consummated it's time
for the annual mother boy pageant which
Lucille and Buster always go to but with
Buster now a monster Lucille forces
George Michael into it Buster uses his
army training to save George Michael the
operation and the operation is a
moderate success
now George Michael's running for school
president with the help of his
girlfriend Ann who wants to appeal to
the Christian voters Michael doesn't
think that's a good idea so he gets job
to run George Michaels campaign so Ann
leaves and makes a very nice heartfelt
campaign video for Steve Holt
which makes George Michael's negative
attack ad look pretty douchey and
accidentally makes public George
Michael's most embarrassing moments now
Jobe once back into the magician's
alliance so he has a plan for Buster to
pretend to be the magician while jabs
the assistant they have a big show per
usual Jobe watches it and cuts off
Buster's fake hand which luckily people
think is the trick this gets them the
attention of famed magician Tony wonder
somebody say wonder they perform again
and Jobe reveals himself as the true
magician a but unfortunately the trick
doesn't work as well in Reverse Michael
finally meets and super-religious
parents and turns out her mom is really
hot and is seduced by Michael's secular
ways George Michael accidentally
proposes to Anne and they run off to get
married only to find his grandparents
renewing their vows George senior got
Jobe to kidnap his mother with the help
of his puppet Franklin more on him later
but Oscar busts in to fight for his lady
love and the identical twins have an
identical fight and where Michael
reveals he kissed Ann's mom there's more
shenanigans and how it's Spring Break
again in Newport and girls without
self-esteem is back this time led by
Zach Braff Lindsay wants to protest it
and Tobias wants to help by pantsing
Zach Braff only to discover he's a
never-nude as well
around this time Lindsay kicks Tobias
out of the house so he comes back to a
mrs. Doubtfire but confuses it with Mary
Poppins
Tobias does land an acting gig doing a
true-crime series about the Bluths in an
ad libbed line though he makes it very
obvious George seniors hiding in the
kiddy finds him first and kidnaps him
with the cooler full of evidence so
Lucille's got a challenge her to a
drinking competition which she will win
now michael has to swear under oath he
doesn't know where his father is
so he gets job and Franklin to knock
their father out and hide him somewhere
but on the way Jobe realizes Michael
never even opened the CD that he and
Franklin made for him so when Michael
signs he's immediately under arrest cuz
they've got proof he was with his father
that morning of course was just the CD
case maybe has had huge success as a
producer with a series inspired by her
grandma the horror series gangee her
Studios doing an American remake of the
French film about cousin kissing that
was George Michael's favorite and wants
to protest it and last time they
protested George Michael got a kiss so
they go but turns out the protesting
just made the movie more popular and
maybe gives George Michael a kiss just
then the floor of the model home
collapses and the cousins find themself
are really making out unfortunately onto
the house is where Jobe hid George
senior so he shows up at the courtroom
empty-handed and the brothers have a
fight there again their father does show
up though and decides for the good of
the family he'll turn himself in of
course what he really does is shave his
twins head and send oscar to prison with
george senior in prison things are
looking up for the Bluth company Michael
goes to brag to his father only to
discover it's his uncle I'm Oscar calm
Joe gets a letter from an organization
that reunites fathers and sons thinking
his dad's reaching out to him
Steve Holt's dad never shows either
though so they decide to have some son
and son bonding time of course it's very
obvious that Steve Holt his job son
things have been awkward between the
cousins since they're kissed so they
agree to meet back in the stair car in
the morning to kiss again so it's not
awkward
George Michael slept there so as not to
miss it but when Michael sees this he
thinks his son wanted some father-son
bonding time maybe feeling ditched by
her cousin decides she may as well kiss
Steve Holt who is also unknowingly her
cousin Michael and his son go to the
family cabin for some father-son time
but in the morning he finds his own
father he's eventually brought in and
put under house arrest where his new
warden is very strict George senior
claims that he was a patsy he was set up
by the Brits Michael goes to wee Britain
to investigate these claims and finds
the files to be out of his reach
therefore British eyes
he needs a beautiful British girl named
Rita and enlists her help but he finds
himself threatened by some scary Brits
maybe his father was telling the truth
job is planning his latest illusion and
Tobias eager for any acting gig offers
to be his body double he preemptively
gets hair plants to prove his commitment
long story short on the day of the
illusion it gets botched and George
senior has another failed escape attempt
now the Bluths finally fire berry and
get a real attorney your name Bob Loblaw
Lindsay is still unhappy in her marriage
to Tobias because he does things like
this an analyst and a therapist the
world's first an owl ripest she tries to
seduce Bob Loblaw but accidentally hires
him as an attorney instead later there's
a church and State Fair where maybe
tries to sabotage the beauty pageant but
ends up winning and entered - and comes
in second place and now that she's a
big-shot second-place winner she's too
good for George Michael and dumps him
George senior says Michael's been too
scared to date since his wife died and
calls him a chicken ha ha so pretty soon
the whole family joins in and it's this
glorious scene I haven't found when I do
I will ask around his family see no
chickens Michael's love life is great
though with the hot British girl Rita
she's an amazing eccentric indie dream
girl and pretty soon Michael's fallen
for her but she's working with the scary
British guy and indeed soon the Bluth
company finds out he has a mole my
sources tell me that the leak goes by
the name mr. Evans Michael realizes mr.
F is Rita
he's just being used and he dumps her
meanwhile George senior under house
arrest has been using a surrogate to get
around there's a misunderstanding where
Buster's controlling the surrogate and
builds a train set with his brother job
they use it to trick the Japanese
investors into thinking they've actually
finished construction but meanwhile
Tobias has a new gym buddy when he tells
him he's an agent with the FBI
Tobias thinks that's a talent agency and
when he says he wants him to be a mole
Tobias thinks he means this and Michael
realizes that the real mr. F is Tobias
V&K Michael rushes to apologize to Rita
but now she's being deported so he
offers to marry her so she can stay in
the country they're excited to
consummate their engagement but George
Michael's been spending some time with
her and has noticed some strange
behavior a what did her mr. F bracelet
me
Tooley [ __ ] female that's right -
Michael missed all the signs because her
charming accent kind of covered it up
I've made a huge mistake the scary
British guy is no spy he's just her
uncle and he wants to stop the wedding
because he thinks Michaels taking
advantage of her because she's rich with
this information the Bluth family is
fully supportive but Michael has to do
the right thing and break up with her
the Bluth family holds their annual
charity fundraiser to fight TBA which is
not a disease it just means to be
announced but this year they have a
great disease to fight graft-versus-host
Tobias's hair plugs have rejected his
body and have been making him
progressively more sick so the gala goes
well until the guests realized so bias
can be cured if he just takes out his
hair plants George senior is trying to
run the company from house arrest
through job he pits his sons against
each other with competing banana stands
which eventually they realize is just a
cover for this illegal Colombian deal he
wants to do the boys want to teach their
dad a lesson by making it seem like he's
kidnapped by Colombians but their dad
grabs a gun and shoots this guy's arm
clean off yes that's why you don't teach
your father lessons it was Joe who told
their plans so the brothers are fighting
again just like they did as kids but
this time Jobe throws Michael off the
balcony what aha that was a lesson don't
pit your sons against each other but all
the commotion makes the real cops come
and they shoot Buster's hand clean off
that's his lesson don't use amputees to
teach lessons near the end of season
three Arrested Development found out
they were cancelled so they start having
funny Metta jokes I don't think the home
builders organization is gonna be
supporting us
yeah the HBO is not gonna want us
Michael wants them all to get jobs and
Jobe pretends to be a waiter as a joke
unfortunately his mom has never looked
at a waiter in her life so trying to
keep the joke going he accidentally gets
a job as a waiter they're going to hold
a fundraiser to save the family but
Lindsey is in charge of the food
soup water so that's a failure
the prosecution finds an illegal account
under n Bluth Michael finds the secret
room in the model home which everyone
else knew about and used for personal
things
Michael discovers he has a secret sister
named Nellie he looks her up in his
father's old files turns out she's
working as a consultant now and they
really hit it off
not because they're siblings but because
she's a prostitute her pimp is actually
job / Franklin the girl in the photo was
nothing
bluth case is finally going to trial and
the whole family has to testify buster
fix a coma to get out of it which makes
his nurse fall in love with him until
she finds out he's faking and joke flees
to Iraq to do a magic show only to
accidentally start an anti-american
protest the brothers go to get him out
of jail but turns out their father sent
him there to burn down the evidence of
the trees in his houses and who should
be living in the Iraqi model home but
Saddam Hussein look-alikes it's a house
of Saddam look-alikes but in the secret
room in this house it's a nuclear bomb
the CIA comes and they're all under
arrest but that's a fake bomb it's
actually a CIA listening device turns
out it was the CIA who hired George
Bluth through a British building company
to build houses in Iraq so that they
could surveil them this means their
father is innocent of light treason
definitely still guilty of embezzling
though but they get them to drop all the
charges so the Bluth family is
celebrating things are looking up for
them with all the excitement though the
family forgets about Maeby's birthday so
George Michael wants to throw her a
surprise party invites all of her
contact book which is mostly Hollywood
big shots and outs her secret the
cousins drink some fake wine and George
Michael reveals the big mystery that
maybe they're not really cousins
so with this news the cousins hook up
again only to discover in the morning
that she has definitely Lindsey's
natural-born daughter but Lindsay gets
some big news she's not really a Bluth
she was adopted meanwhile George Michael
finds his uncle job with his
ex-girlfriend and her turns out job was
a judge in the beauty pageant that
always goes after second place cuz they
have low self-esteem so George Michael
punches his uncle what amidst all this
chaos the company is saved and Michael's
really gonna be President but the cops
come again this time they're after
Lucille Bluth turns out on young his
back he disappeared halfway through the
series because he's been collecting
surveillance on them to grant revenge
for his grandfather's banana stand
the seals not going quietly though she
hijacks the ship and takes it out to sea
so Michael decides it's time to let his
family keep themselves together for a
change and that's how Arrested
Development comes to an end
[Music]